Get started content strategy update. (#3476)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/analytics/src/content/graphql-api/getting-started/authentication/api-token-auth.md

1. Click **Continue to summary**.

> The next section of this walkthrough shows you how to review and test your API token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next section of this walkthrough covers how to review and test your API token.
```
